[Music]
Very good my dear lovers of the
heart well you have asked me
many times to give you my opinion on
the statements that Antonio Montero made yesterday on
Sálvame after the
appearance of the Flores children in Ana
Rosa after their mother was
there the day before and they have appeared
we are very interested in my opinion so I am
going to give it to you we are watching
the complete statements of Antonio
Montero as well as a few minutes before and a few
minutes after to have all the
context I have to say that
Antonio Montero's statement
seemed completely shameful to me
completely regrettable Antonio
Montero has become after so
many boys
after so much humiliation
and making him feel ashamed humiliations
in Salvame less because they have yelled at him they
have screamed at him they have wanted to throw him out of the
set for having a different opinion
not only for having a different opinion on
issues of Rocío Carrasco but also
screams from the presenter for
ideological reasons no and Antonio Montero in the face of
so much shouting and so much
public humiliation has become a real
puppy of the television factory a
authentic poodle that lowers his head
when his boss or the presenter himself
yells at him a couple of times he doesn't shout at him
and Antonio Montero doesn't
dare to speak and it seemed
incredible to me and it seems to me that you have to
love yourself a little more you have to have a
pair you have to have a pair not to give in
not to give in trampled on and even more so when you
're a guy will you forgive me for the
expression
a real guy with balls
black who has been watching it for years years
and even more so when you're a guy and will you
forgive me for the expression you know that on
this channel we don't only use expressions like that
but I have to say it a guy with
balls black a guy with
balls black a guy who is 60 years old or 50 or
60 years old I don't know how old he is with
many years of
journalism behind him a guy who has an agency
and you let yourself be humiliated by the people that
you let this afternoon
that María Patiño gets up from the table and
standing in the middle of the plate shouts at you
shameless guy that you have no shame
María Patiño a  a lady who has sold
her dignity and who has sold her opinion
because if not she would surely lose her
job, not a lady who
has spent the entire documentary tweeting
against Rocio Carrasco, against
Fidel, saying that she has lived through it
all, saying that everything
Rocio Carrasco was saying
she had lived through it all and knew the story and it was all
false,
saying that Rocio Carrasco had
gone for a bunch of men when she
separated from Antonio Davis and Canton, it was already
known with women and now she says the
complete opposite, a lady who up until
one day when she had her ear pulled
last summer was thinking the complete
opposite of what she does now,
even now going so far as to point out that she is looking for
legal trouble with Antonio David,
accusing him of crimes, accusing him of
putting up abuse posters on
himself, simulating a crime, making a
false complaint and that
woman stands up and screams at you, calling you a scoundrel, and
you stay quiet, you are you are you are you, that I am
left so alone, that she gets up from the table
to yell, mami  you're there that I
just let any of
you at the table get up to yell mommy
and nothing to start with is what I'm telling you
we're talking about a man between 50
and 60 years old with years of journalism under his belt
and who has an agency that
has a photography agency or an apartment
for archives whatever no, if they
fire you for time I work elsewhere no
but let them yell at you let them
look at you let it embarrass you that you
can't give your opinion for fear but
where are we please and nothing after
all the opinions that he has given it is not
said were his own I think that I do not believe that he
was cut that he did not dare to show
balls man show balls and what you
really think of each one and
really what they are what they are
lying what they are contradicting themselves
the accusations that they are saying that
are not true show balls otherwise why would he
say a bunch of [ __ ] before
Montero okay in the first place when you
bet say that Antonio David sang
in April he manipulated him that for a
while he was  manipulated by antonio I
would see how my native really when I
hear this option not a 30
year old guy a 60 year old guy a 40 year old woman another
52 year old saying that before me he
manipulated me but you guys who before vic
is that what is good about manipulating
people Antonio David who is older and
Antonia have reasons because it
can come to me but they don't manipulate me and
my father there are times that I have
spoken with Antonio there was a lot on the
phone no and I talked and there are times when he
was by the block he has told me times
that there are no times that he
is telling me I don't believe it for nothing and
then here on my program I give my opinion what
comes out of my nose no one
manipulates me but you guys
especially very vulnerable to manipulation you will
know and not if with you or are very
weak because I do not understand I am
puppies they manipulate you poor things that have
just come out of the shell all of you are
whole and nothing the nonsense that he said
also that  that Antonio David should
already take the risk and sit in
court and if they have to put him in jail,
let him but at least this
goes all the way it's like I
know that Antonella Bino is really the one who
decides whether or not to sit in
court that it's the judges who
decide if there is a trial no and they have decided
no because they don't fit
Rocío Carrasco's plate but the story doesn't fit them they
don't fit with all the
reports that she has presented that there are
contradictions man if I can get a
thousand contradictions here in all the
videos the live shows that we have done if
I have videos dismantling each episode
episode by episode the
contradictions of saying one thing and
then with the big lie within
2 boozer itself yeah imagine in a
court the judges what they will not have
found there that they have not conducted that they
have not squared the
contradictions and the things that they will not
have framed and the things that
will even be a joke
like I sing nobody has to sit in
court and get to the end to see if  I
follow the neighbor if he doesn't decide that
but apart from that again with the nonsense of
saying that the fact that Cantona came, he
sues Rocío Carrasco that portrays him, that
has legal advice behind it
that decides if they are interested or if there are
possibilities of winning Rocío
Carrasco in court or ex and give money
maybe you can report ads
Carrasco being old that since it is
one's word against the other or whatever
and at this point with the things that
Carrasco has said, I think that before
a visible one it would be interesting to report because there are
already things that are an accountant are
proven that you don't know but of course I
imagine that I imagine that for some
reason he will not be interested in getting into
those lawsuits he gets into others no more
sure which one you file a complaint you should be
careful for sure because if not you lose
money for things and not only lose
money from the coast is that Rocío
Carrasco explained this many times
but if Rocío Carrasco is
still sued and acquitted she is no longer convicted
because  the web can absorb it not
only because no because antonia visa
an abuser can absolve her because he
considers that there is a dispute between
the two that I have already done in defense
with the intention of defending herself that she has not
done it with the intention of slandering all these
people from sálvame who have been in this for years
and know how the lawsuit works because
one reports themselves no also I don't know that they
know perfectly well that Rocío Carrasco
could be absolved but not because before
an aris she was an abuser but for
many other issues in the word of
one against the other there are things that if there
are things that she does not
do it with the intention of defending herself not of
slander and that was announced that
these people from the television factory would
use it to say that wool loose
because what she says is true anyway
this is more complicated but there are many
reasons why not to report her but
that portrays her well and portrays us
more to Rocío Carrasco from the
television factory that almost a year has passed
since the documentary began and they have not
even requested the reopening
is a lie that she said  Carlos, the truth
was that with all these documents that
provided a lot of skin, and those were
the literal words, no, the documentary
provides skin, the case was going to be reopened and they haven't
even requested it, that doesn't
portray her, it's going to expire, she's
not going to be able to reopen it ever because she
has no chance of reopening it, she
made the documentary because she knows that there is
no possibility at all through
legal means, that's why she made the documentary,
but Antonio Montero,
I really found the attitude he had very ridiculous, especially that
of puppies with their
heads down, letting them make
fun of you, letting them yell at you, not giving
what they really think because if I go
there, it's to say what I really
think and Maria Patiño gets up
and I say to Maria Patiño a
few things and Maria Patiño explained to her why she is
so involved and why she gets so involved,
don't you think that this is a problem of
theirs, del Rocío Carrasco, now she's
gone from spending time throwing it away
while her series was being broadcast next door
to now the problem is taken from  Rosa
cara as if it were yours personally do not
ridicule ridiculous and monkeys to Kiko
Hernandez I would tell him to take charge is to take
charge of his olive no that they do not
raise them the a of three and one the
statements before Montero
regrets lightly what I tell you I would say what I
really thought and if they fire me from
work they do not want to call me for that
as has happened not for example Jesús
María or José Manuel no Ruiz José Manuel
Rey this journalist who is now also a
lawyer is at the moment that he fought
with Carlota he contradicted
Carlota twice and calls her because you have to
follow the path of Rocío
Carrasco
and in the end those who are there working well
are the ones who know how to do the job
that the television factory wants in the
end that is a job it is for a company
okay and the job of the company itself is to
defend our Carrasco then the
collaborators who want to work there
well have to defend it and in addition he
has told you no longer to be friends with the client and he
himself recognized her many times that he
has  defended those who get to the cup, let them
take it for more days, it has been said, he
said it openly and in Salva himself he
gave it to me easily, I defend Roses, claw, it
is the cup that they will call me for more days and I have
come for more days thanks to defending,
allusion to scratch, it is the job right now
that they ask of you at the
TV factory, okay,
really,
Antonio Montero, you are there and that you have to be
doing it like this because if
not, they will kick you out, man, you have a profession, they will kick
you out, you will find other places
but have dignity, that is what I
recommend, go to the family, that is my
opinion, a bit long, but oh well, the
truth is I could not summarize it the best way, it
seemed terrible to me, some ridiculous things that he
said were ridiculous, but let's go
word for word and not only the
ridiculous thing he said but letting himself be
humiliated, what has made me black is
that, I am not saying there he is, with so many years you should not
let yourself be humiliated, you trample on yourself,
no, and it is not the first time that I have seen him
do it, I think that he has become
tame from the number of times that he did not look at it and it has
been several times on credit  They're
yelling at Antonio Montero, I've seen him for
ideological reasons, not for boxing reasons, from Podemos,
from PSOE, not satisfied, he's doing well, but
also for the Rosa Carrasco issue, he
remembered the episode in which Carlota
Corredera kicked him out of the set because he
called her a bad mother, from Rocío Carrasco,
and that can't be allowed in a family,
obviously, drop, see you later, hugs
[Music]